(i) Ad hoc approach- developed in reaction to a specific situation.  
    special surveys and studies are conducted by an organization to comprehend 
    trends in the environment from time to time. 
    For example, organizations conduct such studies when it has to launch new projects 
    or to devise new strategies

(ii) Problem-solving approach: for identification of problems and needs and implement solutions.

(iii) Systems approach: such as ecosystem, agro-ecosystem, etc. 
    Regional approach: based on ecological zones such as watershed, river basin,
    coastal zone, command area devel­opment, island, etc.

(iv) Specialist discipline approach: often adopted by professionals for air, 
        water and land management, urban management, tourism management, and environmental health.

(v) Voluntary sector approach: encouraged and supported by NGOs.

(vi) Commercial approach: for environmental management for business.

(vii) Human ecology approach: for study of relations between humans or society and nature.

(viii) Political ecology approach: to develop policies and laws.




1.  Sustainable economic growth provides the foundation and resources for societies to develop and prosper, 
    and for people to meet their needs and pursue their aspirations

2.  It helps enable economic empowerment and poverty eradication, advance environmental
    stewardship; and contribute to dealing with the trans-boundary global challenges
    highlighted by the UN Sustainable Development Goals.

3.  Now more than ever, sustainable development depends on the solutions, capabilities,
    contributions and engagement of business. ICC believes this entails:

➢ Innovation in all dimensions of sustainable development so as to develop more
    integrated strategies, policy and decision-making.

➢ Leadership and collaboration to leverage the mutually reinforcing and cross-cutting
    elements of integrated policymaking.

➢ Integrated governance structures fostering greater policy coherence between
    economic, environmental and development objectives.

➢ Efforts by all actors to reconcile short-term pressures with longer-term strategies to
    deal with the multiplicity of economic, societal, and environmental challenges and
    opportunities in an integrated manner.
➢ Bottom up and top-down actions pursued simultaneously by governments and
    business in support of sustainable growth. A one-size-fits-all approach will not be
    effective, nor will policies that work in silos.

➢ Multilateral and cross-cutting approaches across countries and sectors, which are
    indispensable in the global marketplace. 

























































